# Financial-Statement-Analysis
The  present  report  is  partial fulfilment  of  the  requirements  for  Financial  Statements  &amp; Reporting subject in PGDM (BDA) Programme. In which we have done report on financial statement analysis of LA OPALA RG LTD. The objective of the report was to familiarize the student with theimplementation of the knowledge he/she earned during the subject learning, also  it  helps  student  to  develop  understanding  of analysingany  annual  financial  report  of company. The report focuses on a few of the important aspects of analysingany financial statements. The initial part starts with introduction of company following with its history, company profile, Infrastructure, Management &amp; products of company. After that, there is detailed discussion about ratio analysis, horizontal analysis, vertical analysis, trend analysis &amp; cash flow statement. In end, it concludes with summary of management discussion. From the report, one can easily get understanding about financial situation and position of company in market. The present is not free of limitations. There might have problems regarding lack of limitation in some aspects and also some minor mistakes such as typing mistakes. These few drawbacks have occurred merely due to time limitation and lack of secondary sources of information. Though we have tried our best to keep the report free from errors, we apologize if any error is found which was not deliberately made. If the report can help any person to understand how to analyseany company and current market situation of “LA OPALA RG LTD.”
